SDK/articles/AdvancedSeries.md, before:

# Advanced Series: From Hello World to Conversing with the world #
**Note**: *this section is just a beginning. as we develop more content, this will continue to evolve*

This section covers reference material. Topics you'll need information, but may not work in the same logical order. For each topic, we'll provide some additional reference links, however we don't expect you to read sequentially through as you did with the Getting Started series.

##Before you start coding##

- [PowerPoint template for mocking up your Connected Service provider](./articles/ConnectedServiceProviderAuthorMockups.pptx) Mock up your provider before you start building it
- [Connected Service SDK Reference APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.visualstudio.connectedservices.aspx) A review of the APIs in the form of an article
- [Samples for building Connected Services GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Microsoft/ConnectedServicesSdkSamples) A set of samples, such as using different configurators (Grid, SinglePage, Wizard, UILess) with Authentication, Config, and more to come...

##References, while your coding##
- [Supporting Connected Services across multiple project types](./SupportingConnectedServicesAcrossMultipleProjects.md) explains how to support multiple projects. For instance, you may support .NET projects for class libraries and Windows Forms, but may want a different implementation for JavaScript or Xamarin projects.
- [Modifying WPF Styles](./ModifyingWPFStyles.md) explains how to customize the WPF Styles in your configuration, without losing the underlying Visual Studio Themes 

##Packaging and Deploying your Connected Service Extension##
- [Setting your Connected Service Extension Icon](./articles/ExtensionIcon.md)

Commit message:

Add custom context menu documentation

SDK/articles/AdvancedSeries.md, after:

# Advanced Series: From Hello World to Conversing with the world #
**Note**: *this section is just a beginning. as we develop more content, this will continue to evolve*

This section covers reference material. Topics you'll need information, but may not work in the same logical order. For each topic, we'll provide some additional reference links, however we don't expect you to read sequentially through as you did with the Getting Started series.

##Before you start coding##

- [PowerPoint template for mocking up your Connected Service provider](./articles/ConnectedServiceProviderAuthorMockups.pptx) Mock up your provider before you start building it
- [Connected Service SDK Reference APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.visualstudio.connectedservices.aspx) A review of the APIs in the form of an article
- [Samples for building Connected Services GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Microsoft/ConnectedServicesSdkSamples) A set of samples, such as using different configurators (Grid, SinglePage, Wizard, UILess) with Authentication, Config, and more to come...

##References, while your coding##
- [Supporting Connected Services across multiple project types](./SupportingConnectedServicesAcrossMultipleProjects.md) explains how to support multiple projects. For instance, you may support .NET projects for class libraries and Windows Forms, but may want a different implementation for JavaScript or Xamarin projects.
- [Modifying WPF Styles](./ModifyingWPFStyles.md) explains how to customize the WPF Styles in your configuration, without losing the underlying Visual Studio Themes 
- [Adding custom context menu to provider folder node](./AddingCustomContextMenu.md) explains how to add custom context menu to your provider folder node

##Packaging and Deploying your Connected Service Extension##
- [Setting your Connected Service Extension Icon](./articles/ExtensionIcon.md)
