SDK/Readme.md, before:

#Connected Services ![][ConnectedServiceLogo]#

###Welcome to the Visual Studio Connected Services SDK###


Here you'll find information for building your own Connected Services for configuration within Visual Studio 2015.

##Getting Started##
Here you'll find articles, resources and samples for getting started.

##Late Breaking Announcements##
- The [Connected Services SDK 2.0](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.VisualStudio.ConnectedServices/)  released version is now available on NuGet 
- [A list of RC to RTM/Release SDK changes](./articles/ConnectedServicesSDKChangesRCtoRTM.md) are now available

##Articles##
- [Principles for building a Connected Service](./articles/ConnectedServicesPrinciples.md) Describes the principles for building a Connected Service, such as scaffolding code vs. generating, and other aspects that will provide guidance on the experiences targeted with Connected Services
- [Overview for building a Connected Service](./articles/ConnectedServicesOverview.md)
- [Walkthrough for building a Connected Service](./articles/CreatingAConnectedServiceExtension.md) 
- [Setting your Connected Service Extension Icon](./articles/ExtensionIcon.md)

##Resources##
- [Do's & Don'ts for creating Connected Services](./articles/DosAndDonts.md) - a quick start for things to think about, and read more when authoring Connected Services
- [PowerPoint template for mocking up your Connected Service provider](./articles/ConnectedServiceProviderAuthorMockups.pptx) Mock up your provider before you start building it
- [Extensibility APIs](./articles/ConnectedServicesExtensibilityApiContracts.md) This document describes the extensibility APIs that are available to extend the Connected Services experience in Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 RC.
- [Connected Service SDK Reference APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.visualstudio.connectedservices.aspx) Class, Property, Event and Method definitions
- [Samples for building Connected Services GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Microsoft/ConnectedServicesSdkSamples) A set of samples, such as using different configurators (Grid, SinglePage and Wizard), Auth, Config, and more to come...
- [Connected Services SDK NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.VisualStudio.ConnectedServices/) SDK binaries for building a Connected Service

###Partner Connected Service Providers###
Here are some open source providers being built by our partners

* [Salesforce](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/site/search?f%5B0%5D.Type=SearchText&f%5B0%5D.Value=salesforce&f%5B1%5D.Type=User&f%5B1%5D.Value=Salesforce%20Developer%20Program&f%5B1%5D.Text=Salesforce%20Developer%20Program)
* [Datalogics](http://www.datalogics.com/products/pdf/pdfwebapi/)

###Providing Feedback###
We value your feedback as we build out the Connected Services ecosystem and SDK. You can provide feedback via:
 
* [User Voice](https://visualstudio.uservoice.com/forums/265038-connected-services) for suggestions and issues on the core Connected Services experience in Visual Studio
* [Connected Services SDK Issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/ConnectedServices-ProviderAuthorSamples/issues) for SDK Feedback
[ConnectedServiceLogo]: ./media/CloudConnectedServices_32x.png

Commit message:

Update TOC for Getting Started and Advanced articles

SDK/Readme.md, after:

#Connected Services ![][ConnectedServiceLogo]#

###Welcome to the Visual Studio Connected Services SDK###


Here you'll find information for building your own Connected Services for configuration within Visual Studio 2015.

##Getting Started##
Here you'll find articles, resources and samples for getting started.

##Late Breaking Announcements##
- The [Connected Services SDK 2.0](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.VisualStudio.ConnectedServices/)  released version is now available on NuGet 
- [A list of RC to RTM/Release SDK changes](./articles/ConnectedServicesSDKChangesRCtoRTM.md) are now available

##Articles##
- [Principles for building a Connected Service](./articles/ConnectedServicesPrinciples.md) Describes the principles for building a Connected Service, such as scaffolding code vs. generating, and other aspects that will provide guidance on the experiences targeted with Connected Services
- [Getting Started](./articles/GettingStartedSeries.md) - the Hello World for authoring Connected Services
- [Advanced Topics](./articles/AdvancedSeries.md) - reference topics for authoring Connected Services 


##Resources##
- [PowerPoint template for mocking up your Connected Service provider](./articles/ConnectedServiceProviderAuthorMockups.pptx) Mock up your provider before you start building it
- [Extensibility APIs](./articles/ConnectedServicesExtensibilityApiContracts.md) This document describes the extensibility APIs that are available to extend the Connected Services experience in Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 RC.
- [Connected Service SDK Reference APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.visualstudio.connectedservices.aspx) Class, Property, Event and Method definitions
- [Samples for building Connected Services GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Microsoft/ConnectedServicesSdkSamples) A set of samples, such as using different configurators (Grid, SinglePage and Wizard), Auth, Config, and more to come...
- [Connected Services SDK NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.VisualStudio.ConnectedServices/) SDK binaries for building a Connected Service

###Partner Connected Service Providers###
Here are some open source providers being built by our partners

* [Salesforce](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/site/search?f%5B0%5D.Type=SearchText&f%5B0%5D.Value=salesforce&f%5B1%5D.Type=User&f%5B1%5D.Value=Salesforce%20Developer%20Program&f%5B1%5D.Text=Salesforce%20Developer%20Program)
* [Datalogics](http://www.datalogics.com/products/pdf/pdfwebapi/)

###Providing Feedback###
We value your feedback as we build out the Connected Services ecosystem and SDK. You can provide feedback via:
 
* [User Voice](https://visualstudio.uservoice.com/forums/265038-connected-services) for suggestions and issues on the core Connected Services experience in Visual Studio
* [Connected Services SDK Issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/ConnectedServices-ProviderAuthorSamples/issues) for SDK Feedback
[ConnectedServiceLogo]: ./media/CloudConnectedServices_32x.png
